General terms and conditions of use
These general terms of use apply to the entire Organise-MOIs application. We reserve the right to modify these terms of use later.
Use of this application implies full and complete acceptance of these terms and conditions of use. They are accessible at any time from your "profile".

1. Definitions
In these general terms of use, you can and should understand by the terms:
> "Organise-MOIs": that cool application you just downloaded to your device to keep you motivated during this lockdown, even when you're just lazy at work.
> "Profile: the button at the top right of your screen when Organise-MOIs is open.
> "This application": Organise-MOIs
> "You": any person using and/or enjoying the Organise-MOIs application. So yes, "you" means you.
> "Your data": all the personal data that you voluntarily communicate to us by using this application.
> "Your device": your mobile phone with Android operating system on which you download and use the application.
> "We/us": the people who, on a beautiful day in April, created the Organise-MOIs application to participate in LauzHack against COVID-19. You can find our names on the competition inscriptions.

2. Services
We grant you the right to use the Organise-MOIs application properly and without fraudulent distortions or negligent behavior.  In return, you stay at home and improve your life from now on.

3. Intellectual Property
The latest version of this application, as well as its Code, are available on the Devpost in connection with LauzHack against COVID-19.
Feel free to modify and improve this version. However, we will not be responsible for any new problems that that you will create.

4. Terms of access
To access and use this application, you must own a device with (at least) Android® 6.0, Marshmallow API 23. Unfortunately, we are still not available on iOS ® (but maybe soon, who knows?).
To use this application, you don't need to pay! The only thing you need is a mobile phone and time (but we know you have some: you're at home and you haven't organized anything yet).

5. Use
You agree to make a proper use of the Software in accordance with the good faith and common sense of a diligent person in the same circumstances. None of your malicious, fraudulent, abusive and/or negligent use can be reproached to us. You shoulder the burden of the consequences and liability.

6. Liability
OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, ACCORDING TO ARTICLE 100 PARAGRAPH 1 OF THE SWISS CODE OF OBLIGATIONS.
In cases of force majeure, we are not obliged to guarantee the access to the application, we are not liable for any damage caused and are released from any liability.

7. Confidentiality and privacy policy
We respect your privacy. Nevertheless, we must collect, process and store your data to the proper functioning of the application. 
By using Organise-MOIs, you accept this situation. Of course, we do not ask you to accept any processing that is unreasonable and that exceeds the use of this application.

8. Security and data storage 
During the LauzHack against COVID-19, we have done our utmost to guarantee the security of your data. Nevertheless, by using Organise-MOIs, you accept its possible security vulnerabilities and take care to minimize the personal and/or confidential information you enter.
All your data are stored in your own device. BY USING THIS APPLICATION, YOU ASSUME THE FULL RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING THE SECURITY ON YOUR DEVICE AND THE DATA STORED IN IT. Therefore, you are expected to protect your mobile phone, in particular, by installing an antivirus software, antimalware software, avoiding downloading anything and everything, using a secure internet connection, etc.
Finally, if you would like to help us to secure your data, please let us know at the following email address: organise.mois@gmail.com.

9. Uninstalling the application
Press "uninstall" (you know better than us how your own mobile phone works). As far as your data are concerned, they will be deleted with the application since they are stored in your mobile phone.

10. Complaints, forum and applicable law
We are students and are still learning from our mistakes. If you wish to complain, you can do so in a constructive way at the following e-mail address: organise.mois@gmail.com. Of course, we invite you to settle disputes amicably. Nevertheless, in case of litigious and procedural will, you will be respectfully asked to do so at the relevant jurisdiction in Lausanne, in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. Thus, you accept that the place of jurisdiction is Lausanne and that any dispute will be governed exclusively by the Swiss law.



Lausanne, 5th April 2020						The Organise-MOIs' team



